Shades Light & Light/Medium are also available in travel size!

What it is:
A five-in-one formula for achieving flawless skin on camera and beyond. 

What it is formulated to do:
- Oil-controlling formulation with emollients and optical pearl pigments to provide hydration and visibly reduce fine lines and wrinkles after only four weeks 
- Features SPF 35 sun protection 
- Comes in five shades 

This multitasking tinted cream formula with SPF 35 moisturizes, primes, perfects, controls oil, and protects for flawless skin on set and beyond. Formulated with emollients and optical pearl pigments, this BB Cream gives skin a glowing, ethereal look and provides a hydrating veil for the complexion to maintain moisture on the surface of the skin. With its ultrasmoothing finish, it instantly re-texturizes to create a smooth canvas and enhances the wear of makeup. Ideal even for oily complexions, this expert formula with UVA/UVB protection helps inhibit oil to prevent the complexion from getting shiny throughout the day without the typical chalky matte finish. 

What else you need to know:
Beauty Balms or BB Creams were originally developed as a perfect post-procedure cream used to treat, hydrate, prime, protect, and camouflage the skin. Great for all skin types including those with sensitive skin, these versatile “five-in-one” formulas are designed to do it all: treat with high levels of active skincare ingredients; moisturize and smooth dehydrated skin; prime and perfect skin’s surface; camouflage and color correct the skintone; and protect skin from the sun with SPF. They can be used as a last step for their skincare benefits or used on their own as an instant beautifier. 

Smashbox first heard about Asia's hottest beauty craze in the photo studios from makeup artists who had just been on location. They found it was the best tool to perfect skin on set without all the typical layers of product such as moisturizer, primer, concealer, and foundation, which can irritate sensitive skin. This unique formula creates "progressive" coverage, which means you can achieve different levels of coverage depending on how you wear it. Appropriate for all skin types, this product is free of fragrance, dermatologist tested, and non-acnegenic.