What it is:
A solid mineral foundation that gives long-lasting hydrating coverage without looking or feeling like a foundation. 

GET THE FULL EFFECT: Add your foundation shade to a customizable Get Started Kit for exceptional results at an incredible value.

What it does:
The proprietary solid mineral technology in this foundation will give you a completely new perspective on what a foundation can do for you. Invisible long-wearing coverage beautifully covers everything yet feels like nothing. It leaves behind no traces of makeup, and the more you use it, the better your skin looks. Exceptional hydrating coverage lasts up to 12 hours with a no-makeup look and feel. 

What it is formulated WITHOUT:
- Parabens
- Sulfates 
- Phthalates 

What else you need to know:
Experience the power of positively charged sea minerals. This foundation is proven to hydrate and replenish throughout the day while diminishing the appearance of lines and wrinkles for softer, smoother, younger-looking skin. It is formulated without binders, fillers, or harsh chemicals. See conversion chart.

Pro Tip 1: Get shade matched with this new formula. bareMinerals READY Foundation shades differ from Original and Matte foundation and may appear lighter on your skin. To find your best shade, we recommend visiting a Sephora store to get shade matched. 

Pro Tip 2: As a general guide, try going one to two shade-families up from your typical Original or Matte foundation shade. For example, Fairly Light users may consider Fairly Medium or Medium Beige. Medium Beige users may consider Medium Tan or Golden Tan.

Pro Tip 3: For full coverage, use the Precision Face brush. Tap your brush very lightly onto the foundation. Buff gently onto skin with long, graceful strokes. A little goes a long way. For medium coverage, use the Flawless Application brush. Tap your brush very lightly onto the foundation. Buff gently onto skin in a circular motion. 

Research results:
Test results show that time-released mineral hydration delivers up to a 108% increase in skin hydration after 12 hours of wear