What it is:
A universal finishing powder that features state-of-the-art technology to recreate the most exquisitely flattering types of light. 

What it does:
Create your perfect light. Ambient Lighting Powder is a groundbreaking collection of finishing powders that capture, diffuse, and soften the way light reflects on your skin. Unlike traditional powders, which merely cloak imperfections, Ambient Lighting Powder utilizes photoluminescent technology to filter out harsh light and refine the appearance of the complexion. The powders deliver a multidimensional luminescence to every skintone, making it appear softer, younger, and lit-from-within. The finishing powders enhance skin in any type of light, including flash photography. With six universal shades available, you can create your desired effect—not unlike having a personal lighting technician. Ambient is free of talc, gluten, fragrance, and nanoparticles. It is available in six universally flattering shades from least pearl to most pearl.

Ethereal Light: A sheer, cool tone that eliminates shine and mimics a moonlit glow—even in broad daylight.
Diffused Light: A soft, warm, pale yellow that reduces redness, eliminates shine, and gives skin clarity. 
Dim Light: A neutral soft beige that provides a perfect balance of warm and cool tones to blur imperfections. 
Mood Light: A soft, sheer lavender pink that mimics the softest, most forgiving light and brightens the complexion. 
Luminous Light: A champagne pearl that creates a soft, incandescent candlelit glow—day or night. 
Radiant Light: A sun-kissed golden beige that enhances the overall complexion with believable, subtle warmth. 

What it is formulated WITHOUT:
- Parabens 

What else you need to know:
“I learned early on how different types of light can truly flatter the complexion. Growing up, my mother had pink light bulbs in all of the lamps throughout the house. She loved pink light because it was the softest and most flattering, and she always wanted to look good. I used this concept of lighting in Ambient Lighting Powder.”—Carisa Janes, Hourglass Founder