What it is:
A customizable, three-piece set that includes essentials to prep, prime, and perfect the skin. 

What it does:
This three-step kit is the perfect starting point for achieving a flawlessly defined complexion. B6 Vitamin-Infused Complexion Prep Spray features the first stabilized form of B6, which absorbs oil, minimizes pores, and reduces redness. It also contains antioxidant vitamin E and willow bark, which aids cell turnover. Naked Skin Beauty Balm is like an instant retoucher and a relentless age-fighter in one. It features Pepha®-Protect (from watermelon extract) and broad spectrum SPF 20 to help guard skin against sun and DNA damage, along with high-tech ingredients like Vitasource™ and dGlyage® to boost skin firmness and elasticity while blurring imperfections. Naked Skin Weightless Ultra Definition Liquid Makeup feels like wearing nothing at all, yet it transforms complexions. Skin looks natural, illuminated, and bright: like the beautiful skin you were born with. It features Matrixyl 3000 (a powerful anti-wrinkle peptide), protective and brightening Litchiderm, antioxidant green tea, and nourishing vitamins. 

This set contains:
- 0.5 oz B6 Vitamin-Infused Complexion Prep Spray
- 0.5 oz Naked Skin Beauty Balm
- 1 oz Naked Skin Weightless Ultra Definition Liquid Makeup 

What it is formulated WITHOUT:
- Parabens
- Sulfates 
- Phthalates 

What else you need to know:
First, prep skin with B6 Vitamin-Infused Complexion Prep Spray. Then, hydrate, prime and perfect with Naked Skin Beauty Balm. These two steps create the perfect canvas for Naked Skin Liquid Makeup, enhancing the already luminous ultra definition finish. 

Research results:
B6 Vitamin-Infused Complexion Prep Spray:
Over 81% of participants had a measurable reduction in oil and surface shine after 8 weeks of use.

Naked Skin Beauty Balm:
93% of participants had significantly firmer, more lifted skin after 8 weeks of use.

Naked Skin Liquid Makeup:
100% of participants had a measurable improvement in the appearance of skin imperfections immediately after use.